# machinee
+ COMP 7745 Machine Learning
# Project Title: Heart Disease Prediction
# Introduction:
+ The World Health Organization estimates that heart disease causes 12 million deaths worldwide each year. One of the leading causes of sickness and mortality in the world's population is heart disease. One of the most significant topics in the data analysis segment is the prediction of cardiovascular disease. Over the past few years, cardiovascular illness has become a major global burden. Numerous research has been carried out to identify the most important risk factors for heart disease and precisely forecast the overall risk. Because it results in death without evident signs, heart disease is also known as a "silent killer." For high-risk patients to adjust their lifestyles and lower complications, early identification of heart disease is essential.
+ The vast amount of data generated by the health care sector can be used by machine learning to help in decision-making and prediction. By examining patient data and evaluating whether they have heart disease using a machine-learning algorithm, this research seeks to predict future heart illness. Machine-learning methods can be extremely helpful in this situation. There is a common set of basic risk factors that determine whether someone will ultimately be at risk for heart disease, even though heart disease can manifest itself in various ways. We may say that this technique can be very successfully applied to the prediction of heart disease by gathering the data from multiple sources, classifying them under appropriate headings, and then analysing them to obtain the needed data.
# Methodology:
    # Supervised Learning:
